ra260296
207596297
Rotem Amsalem

eh51195
324502145
Elia Hene

I discussed this exercise with:


===================================
=  README for ex5: =
===================================

https://docs.python.org/2/library/os.path.html
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/string_isalpha.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/python_dictionary.htm

============================================================
=  Description:  =
============================================================
Part A:

The crosswords in this part are 2d matrices.

The check_args function checks the arguments which were given. It checks
whether the number of arguments is valid or not only if it does, the function
starts to check the arguments and printed the matching error messages according
to the instructions.

The load_words function loading the words from an external file and put it into
a list of words.

THE load_matrix function loading the matrix from an external file and put it
into a list. This list's members are other lists that are the rows of the
matrix and each of those lists (the rows) contains the members of the columns
of the matrix at the matched row.

The concat_list function receives a list of strings, and return the
concatenation of the list's parts as one string.

The check_directions function receives two lists. The first one is matrix list
and the second is an empty list which in the end will contain the words
according to each searching words direction.

The function of the directions (8 functions) receives the matrix list and
returns the words that are found in the matching direction.

The match_direction function receives a direction of searching as a letter or a
combination of few letters and match this direction to the function which
searching in the matching direction and returns the founded word and how many
time they were found as a dictionary when the word is the key and the number of
times it was found is the value.

The load_output function exports the words which were founded, according to the
direction which was entered as the last argument,to an external output file
which its location is the sys.argv[3].

The main function checks the arguments and only if they are all valid it runs
the code.

Part B:
The crosswords in this part are 2d matrices.

The check args function do the same as in part A.

The load_3d_words function loading the words from an external file and put it
into a list of words.

The load_3d_matrix function loading the matrix from an external file and put it
into a list that list contains other lists that contain other lists.

The depth_matrix function receives matrix and returns the number of depth
matrices.

The a_direction function returns all the 2d matrices which receives from the a
direction (depth matrices).

The b_direction function returns all the 2d matrices which receives from the b
direction (length matrices).

The c_direction function returns all the 2d matrices which receives from the c
direction (width matrices).

The direction_to_matrix function receives a direction of searching as a letter
or a combination of few letters and match this direction to the function which
searching in the matching direction and returns the founded word and how many
time they were found as a dictionary when the word is the key and the number
of times it was found is the value.

The load_3d_output function exports the words which were founded, according to
the direction which was entered as the last argument,to an external output file
 which its location is the sys.argv[3].

 The main function checks the arguments and only if they are all valid it
 runs the code.
